Added 'limit' query parameter support to /api/v1/status/tsdb endpoint (#12336)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/api.md

```
GET /api/v1/status/tsdb
```
URL query parameters:

> - `topN=<number>`: Return top N values for each statistics. Top 10 values are returned if not specified.

Reviewer: Since the results were already ordered anyway and this is mostly just about the number of items, how about just calling this `limit` or `max_items`?

(If we do stick with `topN` I'd go for `top_n` or something like that in snake_case, since we mostly don't use camelCase for HTTP parameters, except in one case where camel case snuck in already.)

So then (with some other wording suggestions, this would be:

```suggestion
- `limit=<number>`: Limit the number of returned items to a given number for each set of statistics. By default, 10 items are returned.
```

Reviewer 2: I gree with limit

Author: Updated to 'limit'.
